# Logorec

This directory contains all the application's files of this project. This application allows to train classifiers, predict the probability that a website is a webshop or to know which services a website offers.

## Contents

Here are listed all the files and subdirectories and their use.

- [Classifiers](classifiers) - This directory contains all the classifiers available in this program. To add a new classifier add a new file with the same name as the class inside it (first letter must be lowercase for the file and uppercase for the class). Then extend the new class with the [classifier](lib/classifier.py) and implement all the methods in it. Once the class is completed the system will show it inside the program automatically.
- [Features](features) - This directory contains all the features available in this program. To add a new feature add a new file with the same name as the class inside it (first letter must be lowercase for the file and uppercase for the class). Then extend the new class with the [feature](lib/feature.py) and implement all the methods in it. Once the class is completed the system will show it inside the program automatically.
- [Image Extractor](imageExtractor) - This directory contains all the image extractors available in this program. They are used i.e. to extract image from a website. To add a new imageExtractor add a new file with the same name as the class inside it (first letter must be lowercase for the file and uppercase for the class). Then extend the new class with the [imageExtractor](lib/imageExtractor.py) and implement all the methods in it. To use the new implementation change the right setting in [parameters](parameters.ini).
- [Image Manager](imageManager) - This directory contains all the image manager available in this program. They are used to manage the images used by the system (database, folders, etc.). To add a new imageManager add a new file with the same name as the class inside it (first letter must be lowercase for the file and uppercase for the class). Then extend the new class with the [imageManager](lib/imageManager.py) and implement all the methods in it. To use the new implementation change the right setting in [parameters](parameters.ini).
- [Lib](lib) - This directory contains all the base classes used to create new implementations of the application components such as Classifier, Feature, ImageExtractor and ImageManager.
- [App](app.py) This file contains all the logic to use all the different components of the application. It is used by [terminal](terminal.py) and [GUI](gui.py) as an API. If you want to implement a new UI, use this app to performs the different operations.
- [Terminal](terminal.py) - Command line application which allow to perform all the available functionalities of the application.
- [GUI](gui.py) - GUI application which allow to perform all the available functionalities of the application.
- [Data](data) - This directory contains all the files needed and generated by the application (i.e. classifier file, images, etc.).

## Usage

To use the command line application:

```
python terminal.py
```

To use the graphical application:

````
python gui.py
````

## Credits

The project was realized by **Noli Manzoni** (noli.manzoni@students.bfh.ch) for the module [Bachelor Thesis](https://www.ti.bfh.ch/fileadmin/modules/BTI7321-de.xml) at the  [Bern University of Applied Sciences](https://www.bfh.ch).